feat: self hosting improvements (#686)
nuxt-hub/core: docs/content/docs/1.getting-started/4.remote-storage.md

        if (env === 'preview') {
          return 'https://dev.my-project.nuxt.dev'
        }
        return 'https://my-project.nuxt.dev'
      }
    }
  }
})
```

::tip
`env` is `production` when `branch` is `main`, otherwise it's `preview`.
::

### Start your Nuxt project

::code-group
```bash [Default]
npx nuxt dev --remote
```
```bash [Production]
npx nuxt dev --remote=production
```
```bash [Preview]
npx nuxt dev --remote=preview
```
::

The development project will now use the remote storage from your deployed project and these logs should happen in your terminal:

```bash [Terminal]
ℹ Using production environment
ℹ Using remote storage from https://my-project.nuxt.dev
ℹ Remote storage available: database, kv, blob
```

::tip{icon="i-lucide-rocket"}
That's it! Your local project is now using the remote storage from your deployed project.
::

To always use the remote storage in your local project in development, you can use the `remote` option in your `nuxt.config` file:

```ts [nuxt.config.ts]
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  // Apply only in development
  $development: {
    hub: {
      remote: true // or 'production' or 'preview'
    }
  }
})
```

::important

> You should not use the `remote` option in your `nuxt.config` file in production if you are deploying your project to NuxtHub or Cloudflare Pages. Use it in production only when you are [connecting from external Nuxt projects](#external-nuxt-projects).

Author: ```suggestion
You should not use the `remote` option in your `nuxt.config` file in production if you are deploying your project using NuxtHub Admin, Cloudflare Pages or Cloudflare Workers. Use it in production only when you are [connecting from external Nuxt projects](#external-nuxt-projects).
```
